Create Other Category of Troubleshooting Kubernetes Integration Issues (#14102)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/troubleshooting/other.mdx

---
title: 'Kubernetes integration troubleshooting: Other Problems'
type: troubleshooting
tags:
  - Integrations
  - Kubernetes integration
  - Troubleshooting for other category of problems you might face in your New Relic Kubernetes integration.
---

> ## Known Issues 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known issues
```

### Problem 

> You have completed the [installation procedure](/docs/kubernetes-monitoring-integration#install) for New Relic's Kubernetes integration with helm for the nri-bundle, but the values in your values.yaml file are not being respected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have completed the [installation procedure](/docs/kubernetes-monitoring-integration#install) for New Relic's Kubernetes integration with helm for the `nri-bundle`, but the values in your `values.yaml` file are not being respected.
```

### Solution

> Some [global values](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/nri-bundle#values) have been found to not be respected by our helm templates, so if you find that a global value isn't being respected by the appropriate chart, directly specify the chart. This is a workaround and the issue will be fixed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some [global values](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/nri-bundle#values) have been found to not be respected by our helm templates, so if you find that a global value isn't being respected by the appropriate chart, directly specify the chart. This workaround should fix the issue. 
```
